covid or Coronavirus disease or COVID-19 is an infectious disease caused by a newly discovered coronavirus, COVID-19 is now a pandemic affecting many countries globally.

Older people, and those with underlying medical problems like cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, and cancer are more likely to develop serious illness.

Symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, dry cough, and tiredness. 

Research indicates that children and adolescents are just as likely to become infected as any other age group.

Protect yourself and others from infection by, cleaning your hands frequently and thoroughly.Avoid touching your eyes, mouth and nose.

The disease spreads primarily from person to person through small droplets from the nose or mouth, which are expelled when a person with COVID-19 coughs, sneezes, or speaks, hence wearing a mask & social distancing is important.

There is no vaccine currently available.

Masks can protect people from getting infected, as well as can prevent those who have symptoms from spreading them, however general public can use non-medical or fabric mask and Health workers or Covid positive patients can use medical masks.

FDA has authorized two different types of tests (diagnostic and antibody tests) for use during the COVID-19 emergency. 

Body Temperature Greater than equal to 97.9 degrees Fahernit, get it checked with doctor.

You can use a hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol, as sanitizers with lower concentrations of alcohol aren't as effective at killing germs, alteratively you can wash your hands with soap as well.

Add a drop of potassium permanganate to water to disinfect your vegetables and fruits.

Covid Statistics in Karnataka is, Confirmed- 388433, Recovered- 15409, Death- 684
Covid Statistics in India, Confirmed- 907K, Recovered-571K , Death- 23727
Covid Statistics in World, Confirmed-13.1M  Recovered- 7.23M, Death-572K.

Incase you have Cough, Cold, Fever or Tiredness, please get yourself tested.

